[autograd][docs] Add more details on why save_for_backward is important in extending autograd note (#153005)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/extending.rst

properly in order to ensure that the new :class:`Function` works properly with
the autograd engine.

- :meth:`~torch.autograd.function.FunctionCtx.save_for_backward` should be
  used to save any tensors needed for the backward pass (as opposed to
  directly on ``ctx``). You cannot use ``save_for_backward`` for non-tensors;
  you should store those directly on ``ctx``.

>   Saving tensors via ``save_for_backward`` allows the autograd engine to clear
>   them as soon as the backward computation of the ``autograd.Function`` completes.
>   (If a tensor is stored directly on ``ctx``
>   it will unnecessarily remain alive for the lifetime of the autograd graph --
>   typically until the end of the iteration.) Using ``save_for_backward``
>   also helps avoid certain reference cycles, (e.g., since the tensor
>   output of the ``autograd.Function`` itself keeps a reference to the ctx).
>   Saving via ``save_for_backward`` is also important for compatibility with
>   features like activation checkpointing and offloading that rely on
>   :class:`torch.autograd.graph.saved_tensors_hooks`.

Reviewer: A possible readability improvement - not sure if I formatted it correctly - been a while since I touched rst.

```suggestion
  Saving tensors via ``save_for_backward``: 
  1. allows the autograd engine to clear
  them as soon as the backward computation of the ``autograd.Function`` completes.
  (If a tensor is stored directly on ``ctx``
  it will unnecessarily remain alive for the lifetime of the autograd graph --
  typically until the end of the iteration.)
  2. it helps avoid certain reference cycles, (e.g., since the tensor
  output of the ``autograd.Function`` itself keeps a reference to the ctx).
  3. it is also important for compatibility with
  features like activation checkpointing and offloading that rely on
  :class:`torch.autograd.graph.saved_tensors_hooks`.
```

Author: Thanks, updated. Will double check the rendered results
